---
layout: post
category: ToeflEssays
---

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?Parents must have strict rules to help their children to be successful.

In oriental coutries, a child;s achievement is traditionally to link to aa family's glory. The idea that "spare o rod spoil a child" runs inside a family from generation to generatuon. Thus, an interesting discussion has arisen. Are strict rules a necessity to help children to be successful? As far as I;m concerned, strict rules could be counterproductive when being employed by presents to educate their children. My viewpoint is based on following reasons and examples.

Firrstly, strict rules weaken children's creativity and imagiantion. In fast-chaging society, the ability to try something new and do away with old routines is more important than ever before. Unfortunately, many parents use strict rules to confine children's behaviors and thoughts to a cramped space. They tell their children what should be done and what shouldn't depriving them of freedom to sets their minds free. A good case case in point is that most of the leading innovative companies were born in open open and free countries such as US. rather than in countries where strict rules are dominant ways of education.

Secondly, strict rule are disadvantages to the cultivation of communicative ability, which is a most important qualities a successful person must have. Good communicative skills help us not only secure our principles, but also gain more benefits. Nevertheless, strict rules make people obedient and afraid of fighting to their own interests. A child raised in a family full of strict rules tends to make compromises and blindly follow the footsteps of others. Taking my cousion for example, having been affected by strict rules for long, he has loss the courage to argue with others, always putting himself in the inferior position of a negotiation.

Admittedly, I an not saying dtrict rules are not good for nothing. They do have their values in the development of kids. For instance, the personality of children nurtured by strict parents tends to be steady and modest, which allos them to lead a secure lifef in the future. However, if viewed from another angle, that "vantage point" of strict rules is actually plausible, because children's character is likely to be rounded off, which makes them obedient and mediocre.

From what has been discussed above, we can safely draw a conclision that parents should abandon the use of strict rules to educate their kids. On one hand, the strict rules put a limit on children's creativity and imagination. On the other hand, theey wear down the children's bravery to express different ideas and fight for their own interests.

