---
layout: post
category: ToeflEssays
---

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Spending too much time on watching sports on TV and following your favorite teams would have a bad effect on your life?

Sports are loved all across the world. some of them even spend a large amount of time watching sports on TV and collecting all kinds of information about their favorite teams. This phenomenon give rise to a grave concern about whether excessive focus on sports could bring a bad effect on life. I'm going to elaborate the point in the following paragraphs.

Firstly, the addiction ti sports is detrimental to family harmony. It is because family is supposed to a place where ,embers care about other by listening, talking and offering help, but the obsession with sports would definitely deprive people of "quality time" that belongs to all family members. Imaging such a scene: a wife wants to ask advice about changing jobs from her husband, but the husband seems like indifferent and aloof. Later, the wife finds out that her husband has his hand stuffed with football matches, leaving no room for listening to his wife 's inner voice.

Secondly, physical condition would be negatively affected by excessive attention to sports on TV as well as to sports teams. Fascination with something often cones at a lost. People go after sports stars and sports events at the sacrifice of losing opportunity to rest or exercise. For example, I have a neighbor who is a maniac football fan. During the 2010 world Cup in South Africa, he stayed up every night to watch the games because of the time difference.  Inadequate sleep and great pressure of work undermined his health and he developed serious problem with his heart.

On the other hand,  there are indeed some benefits that watching sports and following favorite team can bring to people. For instance, in social occasions, sports can make an ideal topic among new friends. Having a knowledge of sports is helpful for interpersonal communication. However, if we fail to manage our time and let our mania encroach the time to work, exercise, and communicate with family, undesirable consequence would occur.

From what have been discussed above. We can safely draw a conclusion that too much time on watching sports programs and following sports teams do have had influence on our life. As an old saying goes, things would turn for the worse if they go extreme. Having a hobby is a good thing, but if we do not judge it with our life, it would become an obstacle. 

