---
layout: post
category: ToeflEssays
---



Do you agree or disagree with thre following statement? It is bettere to relax by a movie or reading a book than physical exercises.

At present, in the wake of intense competiiton in workspace to a great deal of pressure. In order to relax, they tend to take approaches such as watching movies, reading books or doing physical exercises. Some people claim that it is not wise to do physical exercises when stressing out. However, from my good point of view, physical exercises are exactly what a stressful person needs. My viewpoint is based on following reasons and examples.

In addition, physical exercises are conclusive to people's physical condition, which intensifies their resistance against fatigue. Although a person may feel exhausted physically after doing some sports., his or her cardiovascular system is enhanced during the exercises, and the blood circulation would be more efficient., in contrast, watching movies and reading books make people inactive, thus causing serious physical problems. For example, my uncle is a software engineer. His job is nothing but writing codes in front of computers all yaer round. Instead of doing any sports, he tends to watch movies and eat snacks to relax. As o result, obesity and high blood pressure have come along.

Admittedly, I do not mean that watching movies and reading books play no role in helping people relax. After all, our body are at rest while watching movies or reading books. However, compared to doing exercises, sitting there watching or reading is to a large extent detrimental to our physical health because the state because of the state of in activity would weaken our ability to get rid of stress. In addition, the excessive use of eyes could undoubtedly bring harms to our sight.

To put in a nutshell, doing exercises is more advantedgeous than watching movies or reading books in helping people relax. It is because exercises ont only provide a perfect opprtunity to relax our minds, but also enable people to stand up to pressure of work.
